In "Ancient Returns,"
we will be adding a series of challenges to the Path of Exile 2 runes for the first time.
You
'll earn a piece of the "Adel's Runes" armor set for every two challenges you complete,
so give it a try!
To view your current progress and requirements for the challenge,
simply press "H" to open the challenge interface. There are
eight challenges in total, and
their difficulty will gradually increase, from very easy to very difficult.
To complete the "Rune Seeker" quest,
you will seek out relics in more and more slots
and use them to craft new items. The
seven-slot crafting mode can be quite challenging due to the six waves of monsters,
so attempting these battles may require some skill.
There are many unnecessary leaders within the chapters.
To complete "The Hunters,"
you will need to kill six of them. The
last two, "The Final Thorn - Ekti" and "Sandworm - Enende",
might be a little hard to find at the Kari Crossroads.
To track them, simply follow the dried-up riverbed.
You will find their arena at the very end.
"Ascended Apostle" requires you to complete the Ascended Trials to
obtain all eight Ascended class talent points.
Obtaining the final set of Ascension Points might be a bit challenging.
You must defeat Zelok in the 4th level of the Trial of Sekma,
or defeat the Trial Master in the Trial of Chaos after finding all three keys. The
Chaos Trial
will take more time because you'll need to run it multiple times,
but the Skma Trial is generally more challenging,
so you must choose which one to do.
"The Apostles" is relatively simple.
Identify 50 different legendary items. Is
finding legends painful?
The map master Jado possesses many abilities that specialize in finding them.
To complete the "Master Craftsman" quest,
you will need to use a whole host of different crafting items. All of them
stemmed from encounters with relics.
As for the "Cartographer" class,
you will need to configure your entire map talent tree.
All 300 points.
You can complete it by slowly completing all the maps in the fortress.
But there are other options.
Each time you defeat the Holy Arbiter,
you will gain the ability to automatically complete a large portion of the fortress.
Find the fortress on the map to obtain the key to fight him.
Each of them has a huge beam of light, making them easily visible even through the mist.
After fighting him four times, the entire fortress will be completed.
Last but not least, the “oppressors”.
This challenge requires defeating three top-tier bosses,
some of the most difficult battles in the game. The containers of
Tom Mazu,
Bodek,
and Skull Mark.
These represent the pinnacle of Delirium, Sacrifice, and the Abyss Alliance, respectively.
Therefore, you must complete the corresponding three task lines before you can complete this challenge.
Another important thing related to the Skull Mark container
is that you must defeat him in his fully evolved form.
This means risking
returning the finger during the boss fight and still defeating him.
As I mentioned earlier,
you will be rewarded with armor set pieces for every two challenges you complete,
so you can still get some rewards even if you don't complete all the challenges. You can still get some rewards even if you don't complete all the challenges.
But if you complete it, you will be able to showcase your achievement,
as everyone on the world channel and forums can see the number of challenges you have completed.
You will also receive totem decorations from the hideout,
meaning that from now on, anyone you trade with will
be able to see that you participated in and defeated that alliance.
Try these challenges in "Ancient Return," released on May 30th (Taiwan time).
Thanks for watching, see you then!